studio-api (#63)
scaleapi/scaleapi-python-client: README.rst

    client.create_training_task(TaskType, ...task parameters...)

Studio Assignments (For Scale Studio only)
__________________________________________

Manage project assignments for your labelers.

List All Assignments
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Lists all your Scale team members and the projects they are assigned to. 

> Returns a dictionary of all teammate assignemnts with keys as 'emails' of each teammate, and values as a list of project names the teammate is assigned to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returns a dictionary of all teammate assignments with keys as 'emails' of each teammate, and values as a list of project names the teammate are assigned to.
```

.. code-block:: python

    assignments = client.list_studio_assignments()
    my_assignment = assignments.get('my-email@example.com')

Add Studio Assignment
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Assigns provided projects to specified teammate emails.

Accepts a list of emails and a list of projects.

> Returns a dictionary of all teammate assignemnts with keys as 'emails' of each teammate, and values as a list of project names the teammate is assigned to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returns a dictionary of all teammate assignments with keys as 'emails' of each teammate, and values as a list of project names the teammate are assigned to.
```

.. code-block:: python

    assignments = client.add_studio_assignments(['email1@example.com', 'email2@example.com'], ['project 1', 'project 2'])

Remove Studio Assignment
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Removes provided projects from specified teammate emails.

Accepts a list of emails and a list of projects.

> Returns a dictionary of all teammate assignments with keys as 'emails' of each teammate, and values as a list of project names the teammate is assigned to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returns a dictionary of all teammate assignments with keys as 'emails' of each teammate, and values as a list of project names the teammate are assigned to.
```
